docs: rebranding of Che4z content to remove "CA" from product names (#2204)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/extensions/partials/assembly_eclipse-che4z.adoc

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

pass:[<!-- vale RedHat.operating-system  = NO -->]

pass:[<!-- vale RedHat.Slash = NO -->]

```

Zowe Command Line-Interface (Zowe CLI) is a command-line interface that lets application developers interact with the mainframe in a familiar format. 
// The following Zowe CLI plug-ins are included in the Che4z basic stack:

* link:https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/ca-mainframe-software/devops/ca-brightside/3-0/zowe-cli/available-cli-plug-ins/ca-endevor-scm-plug-in-for-zowe-cli.html[Endevor plug-in for Zowe CLI]
* link:https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/ca-mainframe-software/devops/ca-brightside/3-0/zowe-cli/available-cli-plug-ins/ca-file-master-plus-plug-in-for-zowe-cli.html[File Master Plus plug-in for Zowe CLI]
* link:https://docs.zowe.org/stable/user-guide/cli-db2plugin.html[IBM Db2 plug-in for Zowe CLI]
* link:https://docs.zowe.org/stable/user-guide/cli-cicsplugin.html[IBM CICS plug-in for Zowe CLI]

== Sample Workflows

=== COBOL Language Support using Endevor Bridge for Git and Explorer for Endevor

> * Use VS Code’s built-in Git interface to clone source code from Endevor using Endevor’s Bridge for Git.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use Visual Studio Code’s built-in Git interface to clone source code from Endevor using Endevor’s Bridge for Git.
```

* Edit COBOL code using COBOL Language Support, taking advantage of all the coding assistance provided by the extension.
* Locate all copybooks in the Git folder structure, and if needed, download other copybooks used in the source code from the mainframe.

> * Use VS Code’s built-in Git interface to push, pull and merge changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use Visual Studio Code’s built-in Git interface to push, pull and merge changes.
```
